There’s no word in the dictionary that can describe the feelings within me for you, my dear.
As you’ve turned out to be the best thing that has ever happened to me in my entire existence.
It’s always my joy to see you happy each and every day. I desire to make you mine and get to feel your subtle touch; your pretty lips and all your body.
I want you to showered me with care and love as you express your feelings for me.
And I wish we will always be together forever and until the end of time.
I love you so much more than you could ever imagine.
Can you imagine how times fly… It seems like yesterday, but it’s been more than a year ago since you crossed my path and came into my life.
Not a single thing that I don’t admire about you as everything about you is very unique to me.
From your compassionate heart to your glowing face, your charming smile, your pretty lips – I love everything.
All I craved for is see and make you feel better and happier each and every day.
I love you beyond words.
It’s those very small things about you I treasure so much more. I love your charming and sweet voice; I love your glowing and friendly smile and your beautiful eyes.
And most especially, the warmness I always feel each time I’m around you.
Ever since you came into my life, I never stop reminiscing about you and your love, as you now mean so much more than you could ever imagine.
I never envisaged that I could meet someone as beautiful and amazing as you, my dear. I’m glad to have you as you turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to me.
I love you so much.
My love is forever yours. Come rain and sunshine, I will treat you like a diamond and will never let you stay a mile from me. Even if you are far away from me, you will never leave my heart even for a second. My love for you will blossom until my dying days because I have felt purpose and I want to show you, love.
While I might not have the most tantalizing words at my disposal to express my love to you, I will manage these three words (I love you) to let you know that my world revolves around you all year round.
You know how I feel about you, I want you to also know that there is no mistaking in it. My love for you is real and I will love you forever because you are the only one that deserved to be loved this tenderly.
Sometimes I get caught up with life issues and I start to worry, I get down and alone in thoughts, I feel like a lost child without a home, but the kind of love you give me just keeps me hanging on, all I will ever need is you, thank you for being there for me, love you so much.
Sometimes I get caught up with life issues and I start to worry, I get down and alone in thoughts, I feel like a lost child without a home, but the kind of love you give me just keeps me hanging on, all I will ever need is you, thank you for being there for me, love you so much.
You mean the world to me, I say this from the bottom of my heart. You have proven to me that love doesn’t cost a thing, because I can’t possibly imagine what I could have done to deserve this kind of love, thank you for sharing part of your heart with me, I promise to handle and guide it with my life. I will love you forever and nothing can change that.
From high school to dating and from being mere strangers to being love birds, my life has been so great with you, it’s been a joyride all through, I will love to step it up to the next level because you will make me the perfect wife. I feel so special to have known someone like you, I love you so much pretty.
Seeing you smile means a great deal for me, I would never want to see you sad. I would do anything humanly possible to keep your face all glomming with smiles and laughter, because your love is everything to me. It’s even more than what I bargained for, I am glad I have got you, I love you so much.
There are a thousand ways to say I love you around the world, but only one way to prove it and that is by actions. You have proved that you love me unconditionally time and again. You were that one person who was by my side when all the world was against me. I have known ever since that day that you were the one for me. I try to love you and take care of you as much and as well as I can. I hope you know that I have the best intentions always, so forgive me if I ever hurt you or caused you pain. I love you for now until forever and will never leave your side.
I know that I can’t give you the world, but I promise to hold on to you forever, there is nothing that would give me greater joy than to see you happy always, you are the best thing since God made man, forever you will be the queen of my heart, your love is everything to me.
Knowing you are with me makes my life a dream come true. Remembering our first kiss is remembering since when my heart beats for you. When we first held hands, our souls became one. Seeing you is feeling everything is fine. My love, I share all my feelings with you.
I remember the first time I saw you. I knew I wanted to be with you from the moment I laid eyes on you. I couldn’t stop looking at you, your eyes, your smile – you stole my heart the first moment you spoke. I didn’t believe in love at first sight until I met you. And to this day, I can’t believe you chose me to be with you. You’re everything I want as a partner and you’re mine. Don’t think for a minute that I don’t appreciate everything you do for us. You’re everything to me and I love you.
I know I can’t give you the world, but I can give you my heart, my love, and my affection. I promise to stay true to you and hold on you to for as long as you let me. Though I can’t give you the world, I’ll do everything I can to make you as happy as you can be by my side. I feel like I’m the king of the world right now because I found my queen.
I’m in love with you, and I’m not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I’m in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we’re all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we’ll ever have, and I am in love with you.
I know how much you love reading, so I thought I’d try to write you a love letter. I’m no writer, you know this, but I wanted to tell you how much I love you on paper. I want you to have a memory of words and feelings. Though you’re not beside me right now, I am constantly having you in my mind. I see your eyes, your lips, I feel your hands and the feeling in my stomach when you smile. I wish I could be with you right now, I will be soon. I can’t imagine my life without you in it and though you’re far away right now, I can feel you right next to me. I love you.
If love can be this powerful why won’t I be ready to die along with you as far as you have true feelings for me? I have no choice but to always be in love with you because you have been so kind to me; you mean the whole world and I love you!
Thank you for loving me. I may not say it out loud, and I may not have the guts to write it on paper, and yet here I am sending you this just to let you know. There’s no other woman in this world who can love me the way you do. And most of the time, you don’t even have to try. There’s something about the way you care about me, the way you talk to me, the way you touch me that makes me feel like I’m truly alive. So thank you for giving me your love, and thank you for taking my love in return.
I think about the time before you were a part of my life. I remember being aimlessly drifting from one place to another, for I was bereft a cause in my life. Along came you and from that day forth everything changed. You have given me so much that I can never pay you back and I know that I can only spend my lifetime loving you and make you feel safe and secure in my arms. I know that you are that once in a lifetime gift that is bestowed upon lucky ones from heaven above and you mean the world to me.
I think about the time before you were a part of my life. I remember being aimlessly drifting from one place to another, for I was bereft a cause in my life. Along came you and from that day forth everything changed. You have given me so much that I can never pay you back and I know that I can only spend my lifetime loving you and make you feel safe and secure in my arms. I know that you are that once in a lifetime gift that is bestowed upon lucky ones from heaven above and you mean the world to me.
I send you much love and fondness to you with this letter. My adorable wife, how far can you go for me? I am keen to go far and beyond just to let you realize that you are the most excellent thing that has happened to me!
Sweetheart, your love is deeper than the deepest ocean, extensive than the skies and brighter than the brightest star that shines all night.
No one brings so much happiness to my life as you. In your company, I find love that I have never known before. I can't imagine what my life would be without you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
I've never had a moment's doubt. I love you. I believe in you completely. You are my dearest one. My reason for life.
Hi Love, I want you to know that there's no one who can replace you. The way you look, the way you always know what I am thinking about, the way you gave me hug when I need it the most, and the way you listen to me is priceless. You have touched me more profoundly than I ever thought you could.
My love,
did you know that when you travel my heart becomes really lonely?? It beats really tight, slowly and sadly, because it can´t stand being away from you... You are the happiness in my life, I suffer a lot when I am obligated to be far away from you; I suffer a lot when I realize you are not near, and will take long to be with me again. I know the circumstances make things be this way. I try to conform myself but I can´t, because every time you go away, it is more evident how dependent I am of your love.
I want you back, quickly, very quickly,
Don´t let me suffer any longer and come back to my arms and to my love.
My dear,your absence agonizes and hurts me, everything I see, hear or do reminds me of you. Distance is cruel, very cruel. As I´ve said everything reminds me of you. The flower shop in the corner: the chair at the restaurant, empty, the ice-cream shop, where we spent so many sweet moments, the pillow where I found a string of your hair...everything reminds me of you, everything reinforces the sensation of loss. The loss I feel when you are away! But there's something that hurts me too much: looking at your picture and seeing you smile and so lovely. If you knew how much I miss that timid smile that was always upon your lips, you’d come back as soon as possible, and as soon as you got here you’d realize how much I love you.
Reminiscing about our journey together so far, the life we have lived in the past and every ideas that we have shared together.
It only makes me feel delighted and appreciated, because you’re not only my best friend but you’re also the love of my life.
No two persons could ever have loved me the way you do, because you loved me when no one else would.
And I feel very lucky to have been loved by someone so special and beautiful like you. I will always love you as I love you now, that’s a promise.
I love you beyond words.
The first time I saw you and you came into my life was a dream come true for me.
There have been times in my life when I have sat down and wondered truly; what good did I do to deserve someone so special like you?
You’ve loved me when no one else would; you’ve cared for me when nobody else does and you’ve given me the courage to face every difficulties.
The first time I held your hands in mine, I was filled with unexplainable feeling of love within me.
And each time I see your face, it’s a feeling that everything will be great. I’m grateful to God for making our path crossed and I’m blessed to have you in my life.
I cherish you forever.
I know there are days whereby you sit and wonder about how much I love you and what you mean to me. Don’t be curious anymore.
You’re the ocean that flows through my spirit; you’re the star in my sky; and you’re my light in the darkness.
Before I met you, life was miserable and sadness. And with you now, life is full of expectancies, adventures and pleasurable experiences.
You’ve given me reasons to believe real and true love, since I now share it with you, my dear.
I love you so much.
The warm fuzzies during the summer reminds me of you and your love.
Being with you makes me whole as the joy that comes with being together is peerless to any other that I have ever known.
I’m strongly believe now than before that I want to spend forevermore with you.
I can envision you and I aging gracefully together and yet crazily in love with each other.
I’m grateful that you made me feel loved and cared for and I vow to love you forever and always. I love you dearly.
Whenever I sit down and reminisce about you and the way you always look at me, I’m filled with this unexplainable passion of love.
The reality that you make me feel like this, makes you so unique and beautiful to me.
And also makes me want to spend the rest of my life with you, cherishing you as I’ve always done, because being with you makes me feel more comfortable and happy.
I don’t want to live any day without you nor your love.
I love you so much more than you could ever imagine.
There’s nothing that can beat the happiest feeling of seeing an adorable friend like you becoming the lover of my life.
You’ve always understood me even when nobody else does; you’ve loved and cared for me, even when I don’t deserve neither you nor your love.
You’re the one who knows me, helps me, loves me and understands me like no one else could.
I will always be here to partake in all of our life’s challenges and uncertainty together; I will always be a partner that’s supportive, understanding, caring and loving.
I cherish you forever.
count myself as a very lucky person on this planet earth, because I found and have someone so special like you!
Much more fortunate, because most times I get to receive and read your love letters and notes which are unequalled in admiration, affection and passion.
Come rain or sunshine, you will always be my special lover, and I will cherish and adore you with every breath in me.
I’m blessed to have an amazing and beautiful person like you.
I love you beyond words.
You may not be best at expressing yourself when it comes to love, but that doesn’t mean you can’t convey your feelings to your beloved. What you cannot say in person, your letters can do that for you. The famous and the wise people around the world have believed in the power of love letters and the miracles they can do to a relationship. These letters of affection and mutual admiration have seen many a love-stricken soul finding happiness.
When I saw you for the first time, I knew I had found someone wonderful. And ever since then, all I have wanted is to be with you. Seeing you happy brightens my day and makes me think I am doing the right things.
You have the most loving and forgiving heart I have ever known and I can assure you that you will remain the centre of attention for me. I will do everything in my capacity to keep you happy. Ours will be an everlasting friendship because two inseparable souls cannot live in isolation. The day I discover you in arms, that will be the happiest day of my life.
My love, we must not lose hope, for if hope is lost, then I fear we too will be lost forever. If your father the Duke has forbidden you to see me publicly, then let us meet under starlight at the windmill upon the mountain. There, late at night, the wood owls make their gothic music.
We shall talk together, embrace one another, and at least have two hours each night before the early dawn light. And I still hope if we wait for a few months longer, his mind might be persuaded to receive a poor man like me into your genteel family.
It's been a while since I saw your pretty smile. I miss the way you would hold me and hug me when those sad times came around; I remember when I looked into your eyes, it was like fireworks in the skies. I'm missing you, so please don't pretend, this can't be the end.
My husband is a liar and a cheat. He has cheated on me from the beginning. When I confront him, he denies everything.
What's worse is everyone knows he cheats on me. It is so humiliating! Also, since he lost his job two years ago he hasn't even looked for a new one. All he does is sit around the living room in his underwear and watch TV while I work to pay the bills. And since our daughter went away to college he doesn't even pretend to like me. He keeps calling me a lesbian. What should I do?
Words cannot begin to express how sorry I feel today. Believe me when I say that I never meant for any of the things that hurt you so much to happen. You have always been the one who has seen though all the facades that I put to shield myself from pain, and I cherish you in each and every way. So, when I tell you today that I made a big mistake, please forgive me for you matter to me more than you can ever know.
Many people might feel silly or uncomfortable expressing their physical feelings. Using just the right words here can make all the difference in the world between a dirty-sounding letter and a sensual, elegant masterpiece. Make sure you use your lover’s name often throughout the correspondence—they will want to feel as though it is tailored to them. Use lots of creative adjectives (“feverish,” “insatiable,” “addictive”) to spark their imagination.
A truly sensual love letter is about so much more than physical attraction, even as it takes delight in such things. Mention your feelings throughout the letter either frequently or only a few times, depending on the sentimentality of your lover. These emotional elements will ground both of you in the real significance of your relationship, and will serve to make the physical temptations all the more delightful.
Sensuality is all in the details. Bring up the traits or qualities of your lover—mention a physical quirk of theirs that fascinates you, or how they do a certain activity in a special way. Paint a picture with your words of how beautiful it looks whenever you see it, and how it makes you feel. Showing that you’ve noticed something so small and personal about them will definitely flatter them.
Of course, moderation is best in all things. The same element of your love letter that is pleasing and titillating the first time might not be so special if you repeat it over and over. Don’t layer on too many gushy words. Finding the crucial balance between the elements of sentiment, emotion, and sensuality is what will make your letter irresistible. Read over a draft of your letter and try to see if it is more heavily weighted in some areas than in others.
Once you’ve finished the letter, you only have to deliver it. You can certainly email it or use the post office, of course, but the most romantic thing of all would be to leave it somewhere where your lover will find it. If you and your lover live in the same house, leave the letter in a personal location such as on their pillow or rolled up in their coffee mug. If not, try and find an opportunity to slip it into their bag or purse when they aren’t looking. Chances are that they’ll be thrilled at the discovery!
When I saw you for the first time, I knew I had found someone wonderful. And ever since then, all I have wanted is to be with you. Seeing you happy brightens my day and makes me think I am doing the right things.
You have the most loving and forgiving heart I have ever known and I can assure you that you will remain the centre of attention for me. I will do everything in my capacity to keep you happy. Ours will be an everlasting friendship because two inseparable souls cannot live in isolation. The day I discover you in arms, that will be the happiest day of my life.
My love, we must not lose hope, for if hope is lost, then I fear we too will be lost forever. If your father the Duke has forbidden you to see me publicly, then let us meet under starlight at the windmill upon the mountain. There, late at night, the wood owls make their gothic music.
We shall talk together, embrace one another, and at least have two hours each night before the early dawn light. And I still hope if we wait for a few months longer, his mind might be persuaded to receive a poor man like me into your genteel family.
How can we let our love be sacrificed to the will of such an unkind man? I know I cannot, and I hope that you cannot, for if you leave me, I shall never recover.
It's been a while since I saw your pretty smile. I miss the way you would hold me and hug me when those sad times came around; I remember when I looked into your eyes, it was like fireworks in the skies. I'm missing you, so please don't pretend, this can't be the end.
There have been times when my emotions got the better of me and I have managed to make mistakes that I truly regret and wish that they should have never happened. I cannot begin to express how guilty I feel and I wish I could take back all the pain and grief that I caused you. If there is any way that I can make it up to you believe me, I will do anything to rectify the wrongs all I need is a second chance to make it all okay.
There has never been a question or a doubt about how much I love you and how much you mean to me. However, I know that what happened in the past few days makes you think otherwise. I have tried to talk you out of all the thoughts that have been worrying you and I can only assure that I love you and only you with all my heart. People make mistakes sometimes and I promise you that I will not let you down ever again. Please give me a second chance to make it all alright, for I love you and cannot live without you.
There are not enough words to begin to tell you how deeply sorry I am. In a moment of stupidity I hurt you unknowingly and now I know that I have made one of the gravest mistakes of my life. There is no one else in the world who means to me more than you do, and it hurts me more to thing that I have caused you pain. I will do anything in this world to make it all okay, all I need from you is your faith and trust and I assure you that I will bring back all the joys that life has to offer once again.
Many people might feel silly or uncomfortable expressing their physical feelings. Using just the right words here can make all the difference in the world between a dirty-sounding letter and a sensual, elegant masterpiece. Make sure you use your lover’s name often throughout the correspondence—they will want to feel as though it is tailored to them. Use lots of creative adjectives (“feverish,” “insatiable,” “addictive”) to spark their imagination.
A truly sensual love letter is about so much more than physical attraction, even as it takes delight in such things. Mention your feelings throughout the letter either frequently or only a few times, depending on the sentimentality of your lover. These emotional elements will ground both of you in the real significance of your relationship, and will serve to make the physical temptations all the more delightful.
Sensuality is all in the details. Bring up the traits or qualities of your lover—mention a physical quirk of theirs that fascinates you, or how they do a certain activity in a special way. Paint a picture with your words of how beautiful it looks whenever you see it, and how it makes you feel. Showing that you’ve noticed something so small and personal about them will definitely flatter them.
If you are wondering how much I love you, wonder no more. You are the sun in my sky, the river that runs through my soul, and the very air I breathe. Before I met you, I didn't believe it was possible to love someone so deeply and completely, but you have given me faith that true love really does exist because I share it with you.
If you wonder just how much I love you, wonder no more. You are the the very air I breathe and a bright sun in my sky. Before I met you, I didn't believe it was possible to love someone so deeply and completely, but you have given me faith that true love really does exist because I share it with you.
When I first met you, I was unsure about how things would turn out for us. Looking at things now, I can be glad to say that it was one of the best decisions of my life to have chosen you, for you bring so much joy into my life. I know now that I would never want to part ways with you or ever let you go, you are the one who makes my heart so glad. I love you, always have and always will and I know that I am yours forever to keep.
You are the one who has always picked me up when I was suffering from anxiety. I know I tend to doubt myself a lot, but you have always have had your faith in me. I have never asked you for much, for you always have taken care of me and given me all that I could possibly ask. When I write to you today, I want to ask you for something, I want you to love me and never let me go. You are the answer to all my prayers and I know that I am luckier because I have you in my life.
There are a million ways to tell you that I love you, but it would never suffice for, a love like ours cannot be expressed so easily. I love the way you have integrated yourself so effortlessly in my life, it is no longer I or me, I know now that it will forever be "we". I have changed and you have changed me for the better, I cannot imagine a better way to have spent my days than with you. You are the reason for all that is well with me.
You are the one who has given meaning to my life and I am very glad that our relationship has gone through a paradise visit from when it started. The stars are waiting to come out at night to remind us about the sparkling moments of our life. May our love be a remarkable one which reach the moon and stars and bring a new meaning to life.
When I saw you for the first time, I knew I had found someone wonderful. And ever since then, all I have wanted is to be with you. Seeing you happy brightens my day and makes me think I am doing the right things.
You have the most loving and forgiving heart I have ever known and I can assure you that you will remain the centre of attention for me. I will do everything in my capacity to keep you happy. Ours will be an everlasting friendship because two inseparable souls cannot live in isolation. The day I discover you in arms, that will be the happiest day of my life.
My love, we must not lose hope, for if hope is lost, then I fear we too will be lost forever. If your father the Duke has forbidden you to see me publicly, then let us meet under starlight at the windmill upon the mountain. There, late at night, the wood owls make their gothic music.
We shall talk together, embrace one another, and at least have two hours each night before the early dawn light. And I still hope if we wait for a few months longer, his mind might be persuaded to receive a poor man like me into your genteel family.
How can we let our love be sacrificed to the will of such an unkind man? I know I cannot, and I hope that you cannot, for if you leave me, I shall never recover.
It's been a while since I saw your pretty smile. I miss the way you would hold me and hug me when those sad times came around; I remember when I looked into your eyes, it was like fireworks in the skies. I'm missing you, so please don't pretend, this can't be the end.
Words cannot begin to express how sorry I feel today. Believe me when I say that I never meant for any of the things that hurt you so much to happen. You have always been the one who has seen though all the facades that I put to shield myself from pain, and I cherish you in each and every way. So, when I tell you today that I made a big mistake, please forgive me for you matter to me more than you can ever know.
Always know that I love you. I miss you every day. Although we remain friends and see each other, all the time we are distant. We both know what unseen feelings are beneath smiles and being cordial. I catch you staring at me. Why do we deny each other? I watch your mouth move, words just words. I fight the feeling of kissing your mouth for such a long time that the words stop and there is just us left without the veil of denial. There will always be love here for you. Choose to try again and it will be yours forever...
Lover you held me close, you touched my skin, you brought more joy than you'll ever know. My soul was breach everyday by your love. The sound of your voice made my heart swing on the stars. Your eyes were truly the window to my soul's contentment, evolving every way possible. The life I had with you was golden and no man can ever take away the love you and I shared. Giving is a selfless act, one that doesn't happen often, but you made it a thing of beauty as well as regularity. A sensuous kiss to a passing glance, the mood was always perfect because you made me feel loved. You made me laugh in a way that only babies can laugh and feel pure. Those were the happiest times of my life because of you.
