I want to be with you always and forever. Nothing in this world can replace you in my heart. I love you today, every day and forever!
If there’s one thing in this world I’m afraid to lose, it’s you. I am so in love with you that I can’t afford to lose you!
You turned my life into a journey of love and happiness. Every second I spend with you; I fall in love even more with you!
If you ask me when I want to be with you, my answer will be – now and forever.
No matter what has happened. No matter what you’ve done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you.
I want you in my life for today, tomorrow and forever.
You don’t know how blessed I am to have you in life. You have given a new meaning to my life. Love you.
I wish to be everything that brings a smile on your face and happiness to your heart. I want to love you like no else ever did!
Every time you look into my eyes, you melt my heart and make me fall in love all over again. I love being loved by you.
You are the reason for my smile and my happiness. I love you!
I wrote your name in the sky, but the wind blew it away. I wrote your name in the sand, but the waves washed it away. I wrote your name in my heart, and forever it will stay.
Every day, I thank God for sending an angel like you into my life. You are one of a kind. I love you so much.
If only you could see yourself through my eyes, you would understand how special and lovely you are. Love you, my princess.
You are the brightest star that lights up my life every day.
I have fallen in love so many times in life. But every time, it was with you!
“For you, I may be just one person, but for me, you are the world.”
“My life is full of daydream. I tried to stop thinking about you, but I failed each time. I need you here my love. I miss you.”
I love you- this is the least I can say. I wish I could do more to actually show what I really feel for you.
“Good morning my love, my angel. Love you with my everything pretty girl.”
They say love can’t be seen; it can only be felt. But they were wrong. I have seen it many times. I have seen true love for me in your eyes. And it’s the most beautiful thing I have ever seen!
I loved you, I love you and I will love you forever.
Your love is everything that keeps me alive and makes me feel complete. I love you!
For everything that you have blessed me with, I can only promise that my life, my love, and my world will always be for you!
Words are not enough to say thanks to you for being with me. You are the kindest soul who makes my life beautiful and loved.
My greatest fantasies are the ones that start with you and end with you. I love you truly madly and deeply!
I am so lost in loving you that I don’t know the right words to express what I feel for you. No word can describe my love for you!
Thank you for being my wife, thanks for giving me many reasons to live my life to the fullest. You are my perfect one.
Waking up next to you every day is nothing but a pure blessing. You have my whole heart, sunshine. Thank you for being my husband.
There are only two times that I want to be with you: Now and Forever!
You are the strongest and kindest soul I have ever met and I am lucky to have you as my companion. You own my heart.
Missing you more than I can express, thinking of you more than you know. Love you!
Nothing more compare the happiness I felt for this moment having someone like you in my life. Love you so much sweetheart!
No distance can weaken our bond. Nothing can erase our memories from our minds. Our hearts will always be tied together with each other.
Since no human can live without air, I can’t live without you. I will love you until the day after forever.
If you ask me to make a last wish, it would be to go on like this, holding your hands in mine, till my last breath.
You are the only reason why I survive; love you!
Sweetheart, I wish I could make you as happy as you make me. Love you.
I dream of a world where you and I would live for a thousand years to love each other. I know I’ll never be tired of loving you.
Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living.
Your love is truly a wonderful gift for me. I can never think of anyone else who could love me so deeply!
Life without you is impossible. Life after you is unimaginable. Even after death, I want our souls to be reunited!
My love for you is deeper than the ocean and wider than the sky. Nobody can measure it, but you know how much I love you.
Thank you for coming into my life. I love you, darling.
You are just so beautiful, both inside and outside. I must be so lucky that I could find you in this big world and make you mine.
When we’re together, an hour would feel like a minute. But when we are apart, a minute will feel like an hour!
I am lucky enough to get a person like you in my life who gives me a thousand reasons to smile every day. You are so precious, my handsome.
Your heart is so full of love, and I’m lucky enough to find a place in there. Love you, honey.
If you were a book, I would read you over and over again. That is how much I love you my prettiness.
You are the kindest soul who makes my life beautiful and loved.
It takes great luck to have someone like you as a boyfriend. I feel blessed every day and every moment for this gift. I will love you till my last breath, no matter what life brings before us!
Such an amazing wife like you doesn’t come from this earth; they come straight from heaven. You are the most perfect wife ever!
My love for you is always growing stronger, and I’m slowly losing myself deeper into it.
The beauty in your eyes and the innocence in your face drives me crazy all the time. I want you in my life for today, tomorrow and forever.
You make me feel alive every moment. You are the reason behind every joy and every smile of my life. I love you so deeply!
My love for you is deeper than the ocean. You can see it if you look right into my eyes. You’ll know how madly I’m in love with you!
You gave me a reason to live, dream, and fight. You make my days worth living. Thank you for being the only person who understands me!
I don’t want the world, I don’t want the skies, I don’t want the moon, I just want you in my share. Love you a lot my love
I can’t stop loving you because it’s the only thing I’m good at and the only reason I was sent here on earth. I love you!
Your childish giggles melt my heart every time I hear them. Keep laughing like this always. I love you.
The gleam of your eyes is what I fell for. I will never let tears come to those beautiful eyes. I promise to keep you happy, always.
Your presence in my life is a blessing of a lifetime. You’re the gift that I never dared to ask for. The love you have given me is more than I could ever imagine.
Sometimes it feels like I’m having a dream, but then I realize it’s all real and I’m one lucky fellow in this beautiful world. Thank you for being mine!
I thank god every day because he answered my prayer and gave me the most gorgeous woman in the world. I can’t help myself from falling in love with you every day!
You are the most beautiful woman I have ever known. You grew a flower in my heart, which I call love. I love you more than anything else in life!
Every time I close my eyes, I dream about us being happy and merry together in our dream house. Stay with me forever, Love.
Your smile is the reward I want to get every day. It is the only thing that keeps me breathing beautifully.
I feel fortunate to have you in my life as you light it up with your glow. I value your presence more than anything else; I love you.
By holding your hands tightly, I get the strength of conquering all my life problems. Stay with me always.
I promise you that I will protect you from all the negativity of this world. You only promise to stay with me always. I love you.
It doesn’t matter where you are; I can always hear your heartbeat when I lay down and see your face when I close my eyes. I love you, sweetheart!
People with truth in their heart and passion in their eyes are hard to come by. I was lucky that I found you. I love you so much, my dear!
You have everything in you to be loved, to be adored and to be pampered. I’ll always give my best to make you feel special. I love you!
You are the perfect match for me and I know it from the first time I saw your beautiful face. Love you with my everything pretty girl.
My sweet prince, I loved you once, love you still, always have, and always will.
Meeting you was the best thing that has ever happened to me. I feel lucky to have you. I love you, Babe.
Your love pierced my heart like a sword, and it’s for you to heal me now. Don’t ever leave me because I’m nothing without you!
I was crawling in darkness before you showed up. You took my soul away from its hiding place. I love you darling!
You know every trick to make my heart melt like April snow. I am so lucky that you’re in my life. The love I have for you will never fade!
You carry my heart with you. As long as you’re with me, I have nothing to fear because I know my heart is safe with you.
I don’t want to live without you even a single day. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me and I’ll cherish you in my heart forever!
You give me a reason to wake up every day, a dream to fight for, a life to worth live off. I love you my young man.
Nothing is more important than your weird laugh and silly jokes. Yes, I love everything about you my man.
You promised to protect me from every negativity of this world. I promise you to protect your heart from every sorrow from now on. We are perfect together.
You have truth in your heart and passion in your eyes; things about you that make me love you even more.
My heart sealed your place in it right at the moment I met you. This place will always remain constant and intact. I love you so much!
I always pray to the lord to never get separated from you no matter how many arguments we have. I want our togetherness to last forever.
The mischievous smile you give whenever I get pissed off at you does not let me stay angry for long. I love you more than anything.
The word ‘fortunate’ made sense to me only after you came into my life. Be with me always handsome.
My love for you is never-ending, and no matter how hard life becomes, I will always be there for you like you have been for me. I love you, darling.
I have a special chamber inside my heart. Nothing can occupy this but you. Sending you a box full of love, my sweetheart!
You can finish counting the stars in the sky, but you can never finish counting the love I have for you. Because my heart is filled with infinite love for you!
I don’t care about anything and anyone else, as long as you love me. I can ignore the rest of the world if you’re with me. I love you so much.
You are the queen of my heart. My heart finds pleasure in following your commands at any time and every time. You are the one I love!
No matter how many times I see you, your beauty makes my knees go weak and my stomach growl in nervousness! I love you!
Darling, my day goes well if I get just a small peak of your face or hear that sweet voice of yours! You are truly my lucky charm!
I live every day hoping to wake up someday with you beside me. Nothing can make me happier than a day that starts with you and ends with you!
I need an entire lifetime to appreciate God for bringing you into my life. All I want now is to dedicate this life in loving you!
I don’t know if you feel the same, but I do feel the love in the air. In fact, I feel it everywhere I go and in everything I do. I’m surely in love with you!
Spending time with you heals my mental health. You can heal me like nothing else, glad that I have you in my life. Thank you, babe. I love you so much.
Thousand reasons are not enough to make me feel loved and special. Only your touch and smile can do it in a blink. Love you forever.
Nothing in this world can replace your place in my heart because you own it.
My love for you will never fade away as I have built a home for you in my heart with great care and loveable memories.
My heart was filled with sorrow and hard feelings, but you came and filled it with love and happiness. I can never be grateful enough to you for loving me like that.
I love how you put a smile on my face every time! I love you today and will love you till kingdom come. Thank you for everything, my love.
Every day of ours feels just like the very first day because I cannot help falling in love with you over and over again. I love you!
My dear, you make me feel safe around you and bring out all the goodness in me. I think we are truly meant for each other!
Every time I think of you, half my worries are gone. You make everything around you so positive and energetic. I love you so much.
There are no words I could use to describe the love we share. I’m so incredibly thankful for you.
You’re the center of my fantasy because I love you way more than the sun than brighten my day and the moon that keeps the night awake.
I know we will always be together because you know all the tricks to melt my heart like April snow. You are my favorite magician in the whole world.
May God never separate us despite all the silly arguments we have. I cannot tolerate the distance between you and me ever.
Love has the power to transform the hardest of hearts; it has the power to heal and the power to comfort and redeem. I know this because I’ve seen what your love does to me.
I’ve seen the truest and purest form of love in you. I don’t need anything else in life as long as I have your love. Thank you for loving me so sincerely and genuinely!
If there’s anything in life I wouldn’t want to change, it is the chance of meeting you and falling in love with you.
I do not fear sorrows anymore because I know your love will instantly heal my heart. I am lucky for having you.
When I was crawling in the dark, hiding all my feelings and insecurities, you came like a knight in the shining armor and saved me. Love you for everything.
I cannot be more blessed for having you in my life. Only I know how you have saved me from the darkness. Will cherish you in my heart forever and always.
I will forever be thankful to God for gifting me to you. You are not just my husband/ lover; you are my best friend. I know I can always count on you. I love you so much.
I have never believed in love at first sight. Love surely takes time to develop. And I’m glad that I chose to let my love for you grow each day. It’s worth the wait. I love you.
Thank you for being the most wonderful friend and companion and making my day beautiful, every day!
I love you more than the stars in the night; even every day we fight, my love will never change, even slightly. I just love you; I simply do.
Each time I make a wish, I wish for us to be together forever. I know it will come true because you already live in my heart. I love you.
You always give me a million little reasons to smile. I have never had anyone in my life who was so amazing as you. I love you!
When I look into your eyes, I see a world full of love and affection. I want to be lost in your eyes and find myself again in a new world. I love you!
When I look into eyes, I get lost into the vastness of an ocean full of love. I feel lucky because you’re in my life. I love you!
Someday, I might write a poem to describe your beauty or a song to express my affection for you. But right now, I’m just lost in your love!
Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living. I enjoy every moment I spend in loving you. You are my sunshine in life!
I have loved you more times than I have loved myself. You are the reason why I’m happy and hopeful always. I love you so much!
You have an aura around you and whenever you come near me, I feel lucky to be engulfed in your aura of happiness.
I might live without you but that life would be meaningless. Never ever want to lose you because I am passionately in love with your soul.
Love takes time to develop but my love for you grows exponentially every day. I love you my admiring partner.
When I’m with you, all I do is pray to God that he stops the time from flowing. All I want in life is to spend forever with you. I love you dear!
If you ask me why do I love you so much, I’d say because I see a piece of myself in you and because you let me be myself when I’m with you.
You took control of my heart from the moment I met you. Now the owner of my heart is you. Take care of it and give it what it wants. I love you!
I lived a black and white life until I met you. You brought colors into it and now I see rainbows everywhere. I love you!
Look at the computer keyboard, U and I were placed side by side. That’s how the alphabets should be arranged because my love will never cease to exist as long as it’s you and me.
Each time I look at you, I just smile to myself and think, ‘I certainly could not have done better’. You are perfect the way you are. I love you honey.
Now that you have stolen my heart from me, I hope you’ve already found out that there is only love for you in it and nothing else.
No words can describe what you mean to me. You are the sunshine of my life. You light up every I walk on and give me courage. I love you so much.
I have seen something completely different in you, that is the ability to love people unconditionally. To me, you are like a sunflower in the dust. I love you!
I know I do many stupid things, and I am not good enough for you but thank you for always being next to me.
You are perfect, but it is your imperfections which make me love you more and more every day.
You are not only my lover. You are my doctor of mental health. Your love is the best medicine that keeps me going on, and I cannot love you enough for that.
The love you have in your heart for me is the truest and purest form of affection, and I seek madly for it.
The way you love me, I hope I can return it to your heart in the same way. Stay with me always, dear.
A sky full of stars is not even comparable with my love for you. My love, my feelings for you is immeasurable. You are my sweetheart.
You are the most beautiful addition to my life’s journey, and I could not want more. I love you to the moon and back.
My life is incomplete without your love. My soul is incomplete without your companionship. Don’t leave me till my last breath. Love you so much.
Without you, my life is like an earth without sunshine. It is gloomy and monotonous. You are the color that brings happiness in my journey of life.
My heart belongs to you and it doesn’t want anything but you. You are the reason for my smile and my happiness. I love you!
My world was so empty and dark that it all seemed so meaningless to me. But when I met you, suddenly it felt like the sky over me has lightened up by a thousand stars. I love you!
I was dreaming of an angel to come into my life and shower it with unlimited love. Then I woke up and saw you. I realized reality is more beautiful than my dream was. I am lucky to have you!
Saying ‘I love you’ every day is not enough, and it is such an understatement. You are my soulmate, and I cannot live without you.
I fall in love with you every time I see you. You have that magic. Keep my heart safe in your magic box my prettiness.
I’m dedicating all the love songs in this world for you because you are worthy of all those lovely lyrics. Love you, beautiful.
If I were given all the time to live from the big bang to the big crunch, I would spend the entire time in loving you.
It’s hard to find someone willing to stay with you in every up and down of your life. I feel blessed to have you in my life because I know no matter what happens, you will never stop loving me!
Love can never be measured. It can only be felt. You have painted my life with the colors of heaven. I don’t want anything else as long as your love is with me!
Even if the stars fail to shine and the moon refuses to light up the world, I know I have nothing to fear. I have my guardian angel to look after me, care for me and love me forever and always. I love you!
I look forward to each new day with a desire to spend my entire life with you. My love for you is always growing stronger and I’m slowly losing myself deeper into it.
Since you have entered into my life, there have been chapters before you and will never be any chapter after you. It’s only about you and all about you!
I hope you know that wherever I go or whatever I do, I have you always on my mind. Thank you for happening to me, love.
You are the wish that comes true when we see a falling star. You are my destiny. I love you my girl.
My love, with you in my life, every day feels like a holiday! So I cannot wait to marry you and have an eternal happy vacation!
Life has thrown many lemons at me, but life has also gifted me with your presence. And I am forever grateful for that. You are my everything!
Whenever I go far away from you, I start to feel a little homesick. Because even when we are apart, i keep searching for you. I love you!
Baby, we may not be attached with the red string of fate, but I do not doubt that you are my soulmate forever.
Sweetheart, you know why I don’t like romantic movies? It’s because you and I make the greatest love story ever and no one can even come close!
I don’t need a picture of you in my wallet as I have you in my heart. I love you so much, sweetheart. You make me a better person.
When you came into my life, you brightened up my whole world. Thank you for having it a proper meaning; I love you.
I love you the way cloud loves the sky; I love you the way birds love to fly, I love you the way waves love the sea, I love you the way honey is loved by the bee.
I love how even being with you all day long doesn’t get boring. I guess that’s what love does! So, glad that I have you in my life, sugar.
Want to be with you during both happy and sad times. Because without happiness, sorrow is worthless, and happiness can’t be enjoyed to the fullest without sorrow.
The more I spend time with you, the more I fall in love with you every day. You have a very gentle and beautiful heart that I promise to take care of all my life. I love you!
You fill my heart with countless joy every time you smile. It’s a privilege for anyone to be able to love you! I feel lucky every moment!
I was lost and hopeless. But I kept praying for a savior to come into my life. God accepted my prayer and sent you. Now I owe you my life for eternity. Loving you madly is the only thing I can do perfectly!
Thanks for being there for me always. I have never known anyone who could love with such intensity. For me, you are the best lover in this world. I can’t help loving you deeply.
My life was empty and my heart grew cold. Then you came into my life, made my heart warm with your love and my life filled with happiness. I love that!
If only you knew how fast my heart beats whenever I see you. Be with me always and forever. Love you handsome.
I feel beautiful and special whenever I am with you. I cannot let go of you ever. Love you so much.
Your eyes are the best mirror where I can see my soul set on fire by your love. Love me like this always sweetheart!
Your love for me is one of a kind. No one in this world can or will love me as you do. You are the brightest star that lights up my life every day.
I love how you make me fall in love with not only you but also with everything, newly. You are my precious sweetheart. I love you so much.
In case you don’t know, you are my no. 1! Thank you for sticking by through thick and thin. I love you to the moon and back. Boyfriend.
My love for you is immeasurable and it’s growing every day. With your love in my heart, I am making the impossible possible.
Dear boyfriend, I cannot wait to marry you one day and live happily ever after. Thank you for making me believe that it isn’t unreal. I love you.
I’m grateful for all the lovely moments and sweet texts. You are my favorite human being. I love you more than yesterday, less than tomorrow.
Thank you for experiencing me this magical kind of love; I cannot think of my future with anyone other than you! I love you so much.
You know, you’ve been living in my heart for way too long. It’s time to start paying rent.
You are my Hercules. I hope the flames of our love lasts for eternity.
I want to hold your hand under the moonlight as you lovingly place a cherry blossom on my hair.
Be the candle that gives light, not the candle that is melted by its own bright. I love you.
Good and bad both are crucial in human life. So, I love you like the way you are mingled with both.
I started believing in fairy tales after marrying you. I have realized that you are my happily ever after.
My dear wife, you are the prettier than the prettiest flowers to me. Every day, I fall in love with that gorgeous face and that golden heart you have.
Because you are in my life, everything seems perfect, and nothing is out of balance. I love you for making my life a piece of heaven.
You are my greatest comfort and biggest inspiration. You are the reason why my life is so beautiful, and my dreams are so colorful.
You keep my life on track and everything in balance. You are a perfect woman. To say ‘Love you’ simply is an understatement.
Sweetheart, you’re not my other ‘half’ because you are a complete and beautiful person yourself. Rather, you complimented me in such a way that no one could. I love you!
You know, we are like the two socks of a pair, and like the birds of the same feather. You fulfill my life with your presence, and I am so lucky to have you!
Marrying you was a fairy tale that came true for me. I’m still living in a fantasy, and all credit for that goes to you. I love you!
You are the kind of wife that every man desires for. You are that fairy which comes in a dream and never disappear even when the dream is over.
Some people get sweeter as they grow old, and some love becomes stronger with time. The first one is true for you and the second one is for me!
I love how you keep on taking my breath away every single time. I love you so much, honey. You are the epitome of beauty.
My love for you grow stronger with time, and I will never let go of you. Thank you for marrying me, my beautiful wife.
My life is a dream, and you are the beautiful fairy in it. The best thing is you never disappear even when I wake up. Love you, dearest wifey.
If incarnation is true, I will want you as my wife in every life I get. You are my strength and biggest inspiration.
Darling, when my life was filled with heavy rainfall, you shone brightly like a rainbow in my sky. And I instantly fell in love with all seven colors of yours.
From the very first moment I saw you, I knew that I wouldn’t settle down for any less. You and I may not be flawless, but we are perfect for each other. Love you!
I still skip my heartbeat whenever I look at you. You make me smile a zillionth time over, baby! You surely are the best thing that has ever happened to me.
Your genuine kindness and beautiful soul capture my heart every time, darling. Love you always and forever, my sweetheart.
Dear wife, I hope you know that you are the love of my life. Thank you for saying “Yes,” thank you for everything!
You are perfect even with all of your imperfections. You are amazing, even at the times when you are annoying. I love you for everything!
It is a privilege to wake up beside you every day. It is a dream come true to have you by my side. Love you like nothing matters without you, dear husband.
I find peace when I am with you. I want nothing more than you and nothing less than you!
Every moment with you is a blessing. You are the strongest and kindest soul I have ever met and I am lucky to have you as my companion. You own my heart.
I don’t think I will ever be able to thank God enough for sending you into my life and blessing me. Thank you for being the best! I love you.
Through thick and thin, we have been together. May God bless our bond and keep us safe. I will love you for a thousand years more, husband.
I’m the luckiest woman in this world to have the best man as my partner. Thanks for making my life simply amazing!
I love how you make me want to pause the moment whenever I am with you. You are my precious husband. I want to grow old with you.
You make every morning a little bit brighter and every night a little bit sparkler than it used to be. Thank you for coming into my life. I love you, darling.
Thanks, hubby, You are there when I feel sad, You are there when my mood is bad, You always support me in life, You are the only reason why I survive, Love you!
You have given me all the reasons to love you but I love you for everything you are and everything you are not. I love you today, tomorrow and every day!
You are my strength and my power. You make me full of hope even when there’s no hope left. You are the treasure that I looked for all of my life!
Taking the vow with you was the best decision I have ever made. It is impossible to live without you, my man. Love you to the fullest.
The things you do for our family and me melts my heart and makes me realize how lucky I have you by my side forever. Stay with me always, dear husband.
You captured my soul with your unconditional love for me. I wish to make you feel just as much love as you make me feel always!
In this life, God has blessed me with many things, but the best one is obviously you, my dear husband. I love you till death tear us apart.
I had been dreaming of you, way before I met you, way before you were even born in this world. And I am happy that you are mine now.
If I were a teardrop in your eye, I would roll down onto your lips. But if you were a tear in my eye, I would never cry as I would be afraid to lose you.
If you could see yourself through my eyes, you would know how much I love you. You hold a very special place in my heart! I will love you forever!
You turned all my imperfections into perfection just by the power of your love. I love you for all the great things that you did for me.
I fell in love right at the first moment I saw you. My love for you will never fade away. I love you for everything you are!
There is not a single scale in this world that can measure my love for you. It’s deeper than the ocean and truer than my reality!
Every morning of my life gives me a new reason to love you and to appreciate you for what you’ve given me. You are the one that holds the key to my heart!
I love you for being my truest lover, biggest friend, and most loyal companion. Without you, my life is nothing but an ocean of dust.
No fear can touch me except the fear of losing you. I have never loved anyone this much before. My only hope in life is you. I love you!
As long as you are in my life, I have absolutely no reason to be sad. Only you can give me everything I want in life. I love you for that!
I dream of a world where you and I would live for a thousand years to love each other. I know I’ll never be tired of loving you.
You mean everything to me. Without you, everything is dull and meaningless. I want to be with you for an eternity and more. I love you sweetheart!
I can go at any stretch to defend my love for you. I have only one desire in my heart and that is having you as my lover. I love you!
I will never promise you everything on earth, but I’ll promise you everything my heart brings out because you own my heart.
If there’s one thing in this world I’m afraid to lose, it’s you. I am so in love with you that I can’t afford to lose you!
I promise to be your guardian angel, the one that makes you smile when you’re moody. The one that cares about you than itself. The one that will love you until the end of time. I love you.
I have been blessed by the Almighty with such a precious gem like you. I will never let you go. I love you.
Every moment I spent with you seems to me like treasures. I will preserve you and these treasures lifelong. I will never let you go away from me. I love you.
“There is a madness in loving you, a lack of reason that makes it feel so flawless.”
“If you want to know how much I love and care for you, count the waves.”
My life wouldn’t have been this wonderful with you. I wouldn’t have been this enjoyable without your love. I’m in heaven, having you as my lover.
You came to my life as a blessing. Thank you, darling, for never giving up on me.
“For you see, each day I love you more, today more than yesterday and less than tomorrow.”
Living this life without you will be worthless. I want to stay with you forever and always.
“I love you as one loves certain dark things, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.”
You are my sunshine, sweet blessing and drop of joy. I wouldn’t have been able to do anything without you. I love you.
If there is anything like infinity in the world, I know where it lives. It stays in the form of love in between you and me and keeps traveling across every day!
My love for you is so real that it makes me want to do unreal things like jumping on the clouds and climbing the rainbow. I love you.
“I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow.”
“The water shines only by the sun. And it is you who are my sun.”
“I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.”
If you are a prize, I’ll do anything to take you home. If you are Medal, I’ll work hard to earn you. If you are a flower, I’ll be watering you to grow beautifully.
If you listen to my breaths closely, you will hear the words I Love You coming out with every single one. I am literally living with you, and only you. I love you.
Ours is the most beautiful love story that ever happened on this earth. For me, you are a priceless gem that I don’t want to lose ever. Your love makes my life worth living every day. Thank you for being the nicest person that I ever met!
A girl like you deserves all the happiness in the world. You are so precious to me, and I’ll protect you from every harm. Every time I see the smile on your face, it feels like heaven to me. You are the most beautiful part of my life, and I’ll keep you happy always, I promise.
The only desire of my heart is to be with you every moment of my life. Your love draws me closer to you like a magnet. For me, you’re the only person with whom I can be myself without all the worries of being judged.
I’ll always find my way back to you no matter where life takes us. You are my perfect soulmate and the only person who knows me better than anyone. I am grateful for every single happy moment I have spent with you! You’re my only reason to smile.
You’re the best thing that life has given me so far and I know nothing can take your place in my heart. The love I have for you is pure and eternal!
You bring so much joy into my life that it is very hard for me even to imagine a life without you. It feels like I have been living my life in a paradise since I met you. Every time I think of you, my heart rejoices.
We live in two different bodies but share the same soul. We talk in one single language called love, and the only thing we are good at is caring for each other. Thank you for becoming the most important person in my life!
Our bond was decided in heaven long before we met each other. I can never think of a world without you. You are the sunshine of my life. I feel blessed every day for having such a beautiful soulmate like you!
A day without the picture of your face is like a year in military detention. 24 hours without the sound of your voice is frustrating because my heart beats all abnormally every second. I miss you.
Your love brings out the best in me. You give me the better I used to pray for. Thank you for loving me with your heart. I will love you not like anybody, but as nobody has ever loved you.
Your love is all that makes me a happy person in this unhappy world.
Because of you, my life is full of fun, and there is no shortage of love!
I’m in love with you, and I’m the happiest for the rest of my life.
My life has never been this much better. I wish I had met you sooner.
No matter how dark my days are, your presence lights up my heart every time.
I can’t live without you; you’re the best thing that ever happened to me.
I love you and we meant to be, and being together was written into our destiny.
You make my life a better place and full of great moments. I love you so much!
Your love is like a beautiful island in which I have no problem to be stranded in forever!
In your smile, I see something more beautiful than flowers.
My life is fully recharged with joy and happiness because of you. Never let me go!
I love you more than I can say. You’re my favorite person of all time.
I have never felt someone with all my heart so profoundly than you. You’re undoubtedly the best when it comes to loving me!
Your love is truly a wonderful gift for me. I can never think of anyone else who could love me so deeply!
You’re not perfect, but you’re just so close to it that it makes me feel so lucky all the time!
If I ever found a genie in a bottle, I would spend my three wishes wanting you by my side forever.
You are my greatest possession and I cannot risk losing you for anything. Love you to the fullest.
I fall in love even more with you with every second. Tell me, what magic spell did you cast on me?
I thought that love was overrated until the day I fell in love with you. You changed everything, my world, my life.
I don’t need a thousand reasons to feel special. All I need is you to live in this world. You are the sunshine of my life.
My love for you is nothing to do with me. It’s all about the way you are and the way you bring joy to everyone around you.
The Almighty has chosen you to be my soulmate, as no one else can understand me better than you do. I love you, stay with me always.
You have made me realized that love is the best feeling any human can feel. Thank you for coming into my life. I love you.
I cannot imagine surviving all the hardships of my life without your love and support. Keep holding my hands tightly forever. I love you.
If you ever asked me to pick between you and my dreams, I wouldn’t know what to say because being with you is my only dream. I love you.
You bring smiles to my face and joy to my heart. You make me so happy that you’re the only thing I think of all day long. I love you honey.
The best thing about being in love with you is that I have begun to enjoy every season of life with a lot more zest than I usually do. Such is the magic of your love, sweetheart.
Even a doctor would be baffled at how my heart conveniently decides to beat faster or slower – depending on whether I’m thinking about you or not. xoxo
You evoke happy emotions in me; you surface the most beautiful feelings in me – the ones I have kept hidden for too long.
Believe me when I say your love is more than a word I can spell. It’s so real that I can’t discard it. It’s so precious that everyone wishes for it. It’s so special that I can’t get enough of it.