Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
I may not say much when I am with you, but all of me loves you all the time.
Come live in my heart and pay no rent.
Love is old, love is new, love is all, love is you.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you … I could walk through my garden forever.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
The heart wants what it wants. There’s no logic to these things. You meet someone and you fall in love and that’s that.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
Immature love says: ‘I love you because I need you.’ Mature love says ‘I need you because I love you.’
Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
When love is not madness it is not love.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt.
Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.
When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
You don’t love someone because they’re perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they’re not.
I’ve never fallen in love right off the bat. I get scared to say I love you too soon because it means so much. It means you’re not seeing an end to things.
The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is to love and be loved in return.
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart, and the senses.
I have decided to stick to love; hate is too great a burden to bear.
I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more.
I look at you and see the rest of my life in front of my eyes.
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
All, everything that I understand, I only understand because I love.
I'm much more me when I'm with you.
It's a very dangerous state. You are inclined to recklessness and kind of tune out the rest of your life and everything that's been important to you. It's actually not all that pleasurable. I don't know who the hell wants to get in a situation where you can't bear an hour without somebody's company.
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that’s everything
In order to be happy oneself it is necessary to make at least one other person happy.
Maybe the only vow we ever need to offer the one we love is this: I will never, not for a sliver of a second, make you feel alone.
There's no substitute for a great love who says, 'No matter what's wrong with you, you're welcome at this table.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
If I could give you one thing in life, I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes, only then would you realize how special you are to me.
I can't promise to fix all your problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them all alone.
So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. That’s what I hope to give you forever.
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
You have bewitched me body and soul, and I love, I love, I love you.
Once I knew you I never wanted to know anyone else.
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
I never want to stop making memories with you.
However far away, I will always love you. However long I stay, I will always love you. Whatever words I say, I will always love you. I will always love you.
You and me together, through the days and nights. I don't worry 'cause everything's gonna be alright.
Before the day I met you, life was so unkind. But you're the key to my peace of mind.
I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you.
I could watch you for a single minute and find a thousand things that I love about you.
I still haven't figured out how to sit across from you, and not be madly in love with everything you do.
I am totally completely eye-popping seriously groundbreaking passionately deliciously in love with you.
I just wanna see you. Hold you. Hug you. Touch you. Kiss you. Cuddle with you. Love you.
I love you. You annoy me more than I ever thought possible. But I want to spend every irritating minute with you.
You are my favorite notification.
We fight, we kiss, we hug, we text, we talk, we argue, we laugh, we smile, we love ... That's us.
I choose you. And I'll choose you over and over and over. Without pause, without a doubt, in a heartbeat. I'll keep choosing you.
I realized I was thinking of you, and I began to wonder how long you'd been on my mind. Then it occurred to me: Since I met you, you've never left.
I swear I couldn't love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow.
Thinking of you keeps me awake. Dreaming of you keeps me asleep. Being with you keeps me alive.
I wish I could turn back the clock. I'd find you sooner and love you longer.
I hope you know that every time I tell you to get home safe, stay warm, have a good day, or sleep well what I am really saying is I love you. I love you so damn much that it is starting to steal other words' meanings.
When I say I love you more, I don't mean I love you more than you love me. I mean I love you more than the bad days ahead of us, I love you more than any fight we will ever have. I love you more than the distance between us, I love you more than any obstacle that could try and come between us. I love you the most.
I want you. All of you. Your flaws. Your mistakes. Your imperfections. I want you, and only you.
If you only knew how much those little moments with you mattered to me.
How strange to dream of you even when I am wide awake.
Suddenly all the love songs were about you.
If I did anything right in my life, it was when I gave my heart to you.
I love that you are my person and I am yours, that whatever door we come to, we will open it together.
I was, and I remain, utterly and completely and totally in love with you.
When I loved you, I realized, I have never truly loved anyone. I realized, I never will truly love anyone the way I love you.
I fall more deeply in love with you, every single day.
It's not being in love that makes me happy. It is the person that I am in love with that does.
I love you and I don't want to lose you. Because my life has been better since the day I found out.
I fell in love with you because you loved me when I couldn't love myself.
I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you straightforwardly, without complexities or pride; so I love you because I know no other way.
I love you, not only for what you are but for what I am when I am with you.
I may not get to see you as often as I like. I may not get to hold you in my arms all through the night. But deep in my heart I truly know, you're the one that I love, and can't let you go.
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height My soul can reach.
I love you, and I will love you until I die, and if there's a life after that, I'll love you then.
I love you, with no beginning, no end. I love you as you have become an extra necessary organ in my body. Without fear. Without expectations. Wanting nothing in return, except that you allow me to keep you here in my heart, that I may always know your strength, your eyes, and your spirit that gave me freedom and let me fly.
I've never fallen in love right off the bat. I get scared to say I love you too soon because it means so much. It means you're not seeing an end to things.
I love you. I am at rest with you. I have come home.
You are my best friend, my human diary, and my other half. You mean the world to me and I love you.
Choose me or lose me. I'm not a backup plan and definitely not a second choice.
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.
Ask me to define my love for you and I'll say it's captured in every beautiful memory of our past, detailed out in vivid visions of our dreams and future plans, but most of all it's right now, in the moment where everything I've ever wanted in my life is standing right in front of me.
I have died every day waiting for you. Darling, don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years. I'll love you for a thousand more.
I’m in love with you, and I’m not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I’m in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we’re all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we’ll ever have, and I am in love with you.
I still get butterflies even though I've seen you a hundred times.
Babe, you make me feel beautiful, loved, protected, and taken care of. You make me a better person, and I don't ever want to live my life without you by my side. Thank you for being mine. I love you, most.
Whenever I'm alone with you, you make me feel like I am home again. Whenever I'm alone with you, you make me feel like I am whole again.
You and me, darling, me and you, we've got a whole world of loving to do.
I just want you that's it. All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm. Everything. I just want you.
You are my today and all of my tomorrows.
I love you for all that you are, all that you have been, and all you're yet to be.
Love is being stupid together.
Your arms feel more like home than any house ever did.
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
I love you. Remember. They cannot take it.
I no longer believed in the idea of soul mates, or love at first sight. But I was beginning to believe that a very few times in your life, if you were lucky, you might meet someone who was exactly right for you. Not because he was perfect, or because you were, but because your combined flaws were arranged in a way that allowed two separate beings to hinge together.
I love you because you join me in my weirdness.
All three of us are in prison..my heart, mind, and body in your possession. Take care of them with care.
I have nothing special to offer except my capacity to love you.
Your sweet love is like the essence of life to me and I can’t live without it.
From the most inner depths of my heart, I send you my love in waves … I want to envelope your being with my love so you can feel my passion no matter where you are.
Do you know what is the sweetest and purest image of love that I have ever known? It is You, my dear, and I will cherish your image all the way to eternity.
Every time I see you, my heart jumps with joy and my spirit soars. Your sweet presence mesmerizes me in almost a magical, indescribable way. I love you.
I used to dream about love, about being with someone who truly loves me. My dreams came true the day I met you as my secret wishes became reality. All because of you.
In a cold and sometimes cruel world, your sweet love lifts me up and gives me peace and happiness. You are the most precious gift that life gave me and I am so grateful I met you.
Look into my eyes and see the sparkles of love dance their message in a rhythmic and continuous manner. Know that those sparkles carry your name and spell out out three words: I love you.
I wanted to text you sweet love messages earlier today. Instead, I waited to see you in person and give you a special long kiss filled with my inner breath that whispers “I love you” over and over again.
My sweetheart, you are all that I need, all that I want and all that will ever ask for. You are my joy and happiness.
My dear, you gave me a most precious gift of love that changed my life in ways that I never imagined were possible. I am the luckiest person in the world to have someone like you beside me. I will always love you.
You’re irreplaceable, non-returnable, and priceless to me. Never change.
I hate labels. You’re my best friend, true love, adventure partner, sweetheart, partner-in-crime, and so much more. And I’m supposed to call you just one? No fair. 
Since we met, I cry a little less, smile a lot more, and know that with you here with me– I’m living in a happier world. Thank you for that. You’ll never know how much I love you.
It’s not that I love you for allowing me to be me. I love you because you encourage it.
I love you so much that if I had to choose between you and chocolate, I’d choose you. 
Never forget that I love you for exactly who you are, and I’m with you every step on the way of who you’re going to be.
Whenever I’m with you, the only place I want to be is closer.
For me, coming home means coming back to you.
I don’t mind if you tell me the same stories over and over again for the rest of our lives– I’ll never get tired of listening to you. 
During the day, you’re the light of my life. During the night, you’re my guiding star.
I feel so blessed every day to have someone like you in my life. My world would be a much darker place without you. I love you!
My love for you isn’t something that can be measured. I just know my heart is full of it.
Every conversation, every date, every drive, every smile, every laugh, and every moment in between– I fall more and more in love with you. 
I used to think I’d do anything for love, but for you, I’ll do everything.
I am so completely and totally in love with you. All those butterflies, love songs, and the weightlessness of love– It’s all real with you.
You’ve been on my mind every moment since I’ve woken up, and I hope you’re still there in my dreams when I go to sleep.
You’re more than I ever dreamed of, more than I deserve, and more than I’ll ever need. I love you more and more, every day. 
I can’t remember what life was like without you, and I hope I never have to again. You’re my whole world!
I may not have been your first crush, first kiss, or first love– I just want to be your last everything.
I used to think no one was perfect, but then I met you. 
I woke up smiling again this morning and I’m blaming it on you.
Whether they’re good or bad, I look forward to each and every day knowing it’s another one spent with you.
The first time I saw you I had this strange feeling. It was like my heart said, “Oh, it’s you. I’ve been looking for you.”
Never doubt for a second that my “I love you’s” might be out of habit– I mean it more and more every time I see you.
Every day I go to bed thinking there’s no possible way I can love you any more tomorrow than I did today. But then I wake up and I’m always proved wrong.
Even the littlest moments with you are monumental to me.
I just wanted to let you know I’m thinking of you! Love you lots!
I wish I was there with you! Sending my love!
Missing you lots and looking forward to seeing you soon! 
Just another reminder of how much I love you! Have a great day!
I’m so lucky to have you in my life, and I’m counting the days/hours until I can see you again!
I’m loving you more each and every day.
I wanted to send a friendly reminder that you’re the best thing in my life. Thank you for being you.
Something made me think of you today. Now I can’t stop thinking of you.
I love the spring, and I love the summer, but there is nothing I love more than you.
Thank you for stepping out of my dreams and showing me what love really means.
When people ask what I see in you, I just smile and look away because I’m afraid if they knew they’d fall in love with you too.
I love you and I wish there is a way you could just see into my soul and find the depth of passion, tenderness, and love that holds you close to my heart than anyone or anything else.
Loving you is like breathing. How can I stop?
When I first met you, I honestly didn’t know you were going to be this important to me.
Every moment spent with you is like a beautiful dream come true.
All I ever want is to be with you. After all these years, you still take my breath away.
I love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that I feel when I’m near you.
You are my sun, my moon, and my stars.
My favorite place in the world is next to you.
You put your arms around me and I’m home.
If I could give you on thing in life, I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes, only then would you realize how special you are to me.
Without you, I can’t breathe. You’re my existence and the only definition of my reality. Nothing in this world compares to your love and affection.
Come live in my heart and pay no rent.
You have my whole heart for my whole life.
My love for you is choking me.
I love you to the moon and back.
If I did anything right in my life, it was when I gave my heart to you.
I have a feeling I’m going to love you for a very long time.
Thank you for reminding me what butterflies feel like.
My heart is so full of you I can hardly call it my own.
I can’t explain the way you make me feel when I hear your voice or see your face, but I adore it.
You are so much more than I ever dreamed of. I want you to know that you complete my life and fill my heart.
In the time that we spent together, you managed to find yourself a very special place in my heart. Nobody else will ever be able to replace you. I love you so much.
When we kissed for the first time, I could swear that I hear our souls whisper ever so quietly: “Welcome home”.
I am so totally, completely, overwhelmingly, eye-poppingly, life-changingly, spectacularly, passionately, and deliciously in love with you.
You are my best friend, my human diary, and my other half. You mean the world to me and I love you.
You’re my very first thought in the morning and my very last thought at night.
I have stopped making wishes on spotting falling stars. Do you know why? Because I have you and that’s all I want in my life.
You are my rock, my number one, the good ending to a bad day, and the best start to a new day.
I want you today, tomorrow, next week, next month, next year, and for the rest of my life.
For once in my life, I don’t have to try to be happy. When I’m with you, it just happens.
Every single day that I spend being your wife, I realize how lucky I am to live such an amazing life.
You make me feel warm, safe, and loved. You are the blanket that I want to be wrapped around me all the time. I just want to say that I love you and thanks for being there for me all the time.
Excuse me for interrupting your day, but I just want a moment to tell you how awesome you really are!
I’ll be yours forever, just tell me when to start.
I have a feeling I’m going to love you for a very long time.
I’m not perfect. I’ll annoy you, tease you, say stupid things, but you’ll never find anyone who loves you as much as I do.
I have found someone who makes my soul smile and that someone is you! I’m in love with you and with every passing day, I find myself falling deeper and deeper in love with you.
The day I met you I found my missing piece. You complete me and you make me want to be a better person. I was a little late to be your first, but I want all my lasts to be with you.
I was asked to spell “love” so I spelled your name.
Your hand fits in mine like it’s made just for me.
If you ever asked me to pick between you and my dreams, I wouldn’t know what to say because being with you is my only dream.
Meeting you was fate, becoming our friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
My life is beautiful because of you. It is you who is my distraction, taking me out of the dark and loving the light in my bones.
I adore you like a bee loves the flowers. You are my honey, my dream, my everything.
I love you more and more each day. How is it even possible to love someone this much?
If I had my life to do over, I would find you sooner so I could love you longer.
You’re my favorite place to go to when my mind searches for peace.
I love you more than the moon loves the ocean.
here are only two times that I want to be with you. Now and forever.
No words are amazing enough to describe how fantastic you make me feel.
I have found someone who makes my soul smile. That someone is you! I’m in love with you and with every passing day, I find myself falling deeper and deeper in love with you.
You make me feel like everything I’ve ever done in my entire life has meant something.
All my friends are jealous because I have such a loving and wonderful person like you in my life. Let’s enjoy our togetherness to the fullest, darling. I love you!
I want to be the only hand you ever need to hold.
I know that my feelings for you are real because I spend more time thinking of you than myself.
I love you even when we argue over nothing.
I will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine.
The sky has nothing on you, my love, you surround my world.
I appreciate you more because of the road I’ve traveled to. My story brought me to you, and I wouldn’t revise a word of my past if it led me anywhere but to your door.
I will love you until the stars go out, and the tides no longer turn.
I love you, and I will love you until I die, and if there’s a life after that, I’ll love you then.
You are the sun in my day, the wind in my sky, the waves in my ocean, and the beat in my heart.
My life leaped into huge successes after you became my wife. That is why I call you, “my good luck charm.”
My perfect day has nothing to do with the weather or what I’m doing. My perfect day is whenever I’m with you.
When I’m with you, I notice birds and flowers and smile at babies. Colors are even brighter. The world is just so dull without you.
I will always love you and be by your side
I want to love you, hold your hand, laugh at your jokes, walk by your side, snuggle on the couch, look into your eyes, talk about whatever, and kiss your lips. Every single day.
I’d do everything in my past over again if I had the chance, because I get to end up with you
I want to hug you until you feel safe, kiss you until the world disappears and love you until I die.
You are the sunshine in my day and the moonlight of my nights. I love you.
Without your love, there is an emptiness inside me. You mean everything to me and I need you by my side.
You filled a void in me I didn’t know I had.
I love you in the morning, in the middle of the day, in the hours we’re together, and the hours we are away.
Your soul inspires me to love you more.
You are the true meaning of love. You are my heart and soul. In my life, you have the most special role. I love you, baby. Thanks for coming in my life! 
Nothing compares to what I feel for you and I am so lucky you feel the same way about me.
Ever since I met you, nobody else is worth thinking about.
You are the rose that makes the garden of my life beautiful, fragrant, and complete.
I promise you this no matter who enters your life, I will love you more than anyone of them.
I love every part of you. You’re the one I never want to leave.
I love you with a deeper love than any human heart has ever known. I love you with a soul that has lived a thousand lifetimes, always waiting to meet you again, so I can promise to be yours forever.
You are all that I have longed for you have made my dreams come true. There is no greater gift to have than being love by you.
The best thing in my life is not you, it’s us. I will do whatever it takes to keep us together.
You’re everything I need and more.
I could look at you forever.
I would vacuum the world for you.
Even if something went wrong and you were stuck being a helpless vegetable in a hospital I would visit you every day and talk to you, read to you, and love you.
I want to grow old with you, and love you for decades and decades
I have my faults and my flaws, but somehow you bring out the best in me
We have lived through so many things together – happiness, sadness, fights, and caresses. I love thinking about everything we have been through together and if I had to choose again I would do the same.
I love you to the point that words aren’t enough.
You are my guiding star baby. I love you so much.
I love absolutely everything about you. But the thing I love the most is, the way you make me smile even while you are not around. I’m so madly in love with you.
I loved you then. I love you still. Always have, always will.
I love to look into your eyes because they reflect my happiness.
By choosing you, I chose happiness for life. You are the best thing that’s happened to me. Beyond you, there is nothing I can see. Love you, dear!
Whenever I think about my love for you, I see all my dreams coming true. Good night dear.
If I were to write about all the reasons that I am grateful for you on a little piece of paper, they would fill up an entire room. You are amazing, and I am so blessed to have you in my life. Thank you for everything you are.
If I could have just one wish, I would wish to wake up every day to the sound of your breath on my neck, the warmth of your lips on my cheek, the touch of your fingers on my skin, and the feel of your heart beating with mine knowing that I could never find that feeling with anyone other than you.
When I first set my eyes on you, I craved your touch and attention, but I never thought you would end up transforming my life this much. You drastically moved from stranger to a lover and now to someone I can’t live without. I love you.
If you’re asking if I need you, then the answer is forever. If you’re asking if I’ll ever leave you, the answer is never. If you’re asking what I value, the answer is you. If you’re asking do I love you, the answer is yes I do, I do very much.
I can easily say you are my best friend and likely the closest I’ve ever been to another human being. I will never judge you because I never want you any other way, flaws, and all. You renewed my faith in love and actually being able to deeply connect with someone without fear. I am never more at ease than when I’m with you, it’s like talking to myself. I’m very thankful that you are in my life and I’m going to keep you around if it kills me. Your passion inspires me, your intelligence intrigues me and your body makes me feel good. Thank you for being my joy and my happiness, baby. It means so much to me.
 Mere words cannot begin to tell you how I feel. You’re the one thing in my life I can count on to be real. We’ve had our ups and downs, but whenever we’re apart, I still get an empty feeling, deep inside my heart. We’ve stood the test of time, we’ve walked the narrow road, and at the end of every day, It’s you I want to hold. I’m to be your husband, I’m proud to be your friend, and if given the choice, I’d do it all again.
What is it about a love poem that is just next level romantic? Never cheesy and always heartfelt, these romantic love poems embody the very pinnacle of what being in love feels like in just a few (or many) words.
You are my blue crayon, the one I never have enough of, the one I use to color my sky.
Constantly, consistently, continually, you.
Of all the things I can do on this earth, I just want to build a bridge from my heart to yours.
Darling, let me tell you a secret. In my heart, we are always kissing.
If you said you were cold, I would wrap my arms around you. If you said you were thirsty I would give you the ocean blue. I would give you anything: the moon, the stars, and the sunset too.
Hold me in your heart, it has been so long since I forgot what a warm home means.
I want to be your moon, your sky, your dream, your everything.
Meeting you was like listening to a song for the first time and knowing it would be my favorite.
You make the small moments special. Life’s not always going to be full of heart-throbbing thrills and non-stop adventure, but when it slows down, I’ll know I can sit with you, laugh with you, or hold you in these hands and still feel like I am going 1000 miles an hour.
Coffee is all well and good but I would rather have your lips kiss me awake every morning.
Darling, you are all I ever wanted love to be.
You are the poem I never knew how to write and this life is the story I have always wanted to tell.
We fit together in ways that others cannot see. Our hearts united in perfect symmetry. I don’t understand it, this beautiful mystery – but I”ll never take you for granted the gift you are to me.
A sky full of stars and he was staring at her.
If you want to run to a quiet place at the end of this world, just run with me.
My love, meet me where the falling stars live. I will wait for you day and night.
You mean the world to me, without you the world is meaningless. I wish to be with you every day.
You fill my head with your thoughts; you are the apple of my eye. Your absence is hard to bear. Love you, my dear.
Days have passed since I saw you. It’s been tough missing you. All I got is memories of how we spent our time together. I miss you.
You are so far, yet so near, I can feel you near me, I can’t touch you, but I can hold you close, No Matter Where You Are, you are always in my heart.
As you admire the beautiful things God has made, remember you are one of them, wonderful and special. I love you.
When I look at you, I realize how much you’ve been part of my life. How special you are and how much you have always made me happy.
Each time I look at you, I see how much you mean the world to me, I can’t imagine my life without you. I love you.
You are the sunlight to my day, happiness to my heart, and joy to my life. Words cannot express how much I love you.
You are the reason I work so hard, to make that perfect moment for you. I love you.
This is the sweetest thing that ever happened in my life. Meeting you. You are my first thought in the morning as well as I can’t imagine facing all the challenges life has to offer without you. You are my strength and inspiration. The reason I work hard is because of you. I love you.
You are the one who has made me feel this way, this feeling is so magical. I love you to the moon and back.
I don’t need to be famous, all that matters is that I have you. You are my world. I love you so much.
Finally I found my soul mate; you are now part of my life and I will never let you go. I will always love you.
Never leave me, hold my hands tightly. Without you in my life, everything is meaningless.
I am so blessed to have someone like you, you are a true treasure. I will always treasure and love you till the end of time.
Each time I look at you, I find myself smiling. Just because you are perfect the way you are. Love you, dear.
Every time I pray, I pray for us to be together forever. It’s my wish I make every day.
I had been dreaming about you even before I met you, I am glad I found my dream. I love you!
Darling, I promise to love and treasure you all the days of my life, because I love you so much.
Without you, I would be lost. You make my dreams true. You are my dream.
All my life I have been dreaming of an angel to come into my life. My dreams came true when I met you. You are my angel.
You are beautiful, cute and so caring.
Darling, you are the queen of my heart. My love for you will never change. I love you dearly.
You bring joy into my life, I love you
Every time we part, I realize I want to be closer to you.
I love you more than anything in this world. My love for you is immeasurable.
You are the love of my life.
Me and you the love we share is one of a kind. I love you!
It is very difficult to have someone willing to be with you at every step of your life. We have been through every up and down together. I will forever love you.
My world was empty and dark, my life had no purpose. But when I met you, everything changed. I am now at peace knowing you have lightened up my life. I love you.
Your love awakens my soul and it makes me reach for more. It’s like it is burning my heart for you. I love you.
When I am with you, I feel like I am in heaven, I love you.
All I have ever wanted is to have you for life
No matter where I go, I always find my way back to you. Darling, you are my compass star.
Darling, just want to let you know I am deeply in love with you.
Every time I think about you, I can’t focus on anything, my heart skips a beat.
Darling, I can only say thank you for standing with me even after everything seemed to work against me. Now I know what true love means. You are my love.
Every moment I spend time with you, I deeply fall in love with you. You are so beautiful, gentle, and caring. I love you.
Thank you for being there for me. There is no one who has ever gone out of their way for me. I cannot help but love you deeply.
I was lost and hopeless, but now I have a purpose in life all because of you. I love you so dearly that I cannot imagine you 
I have tried very hard to stop thinking about you; it’s not an easy task. I love you will every part of my body.
You are the reason I wake up very happy. You are always in my mind. I love you.
You are perfect, my dreams and my everything. I love you.
It feels so great to have someone like you. Every day I feel so blessed and lucky to have you in my life. I love you.
Words alone, cannot express how much I love you. You are so wonderful, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
Darling, you have taught me the true meaning of life. You are truly my dream come true. I love you!
From the first day, I was attracted to you. Now it’s not only the attraction but the love.
Since you came into my life, every piece of my life has fallen into its right place. I love you so much!
Being in love is a beautiful thing. It can move mountains. I am deeply in love with you and I can do anything for you.
You are the most important person in my life, everything I do; I do it for our future. I love you.
Sweetheart, I cannot do anything without thinking of you! you are a darling to my heart. I love you.
Every time I close my eyes, I see your beautiful smile. I see us being very happy together. Be with me forever my love.
I feel lucky to have you in my life, as you light every moment of it with your glow. I love you.
Being with you gives me the strength to conquer the world. I find the strength to solve all life problems. I need you to be in my life forever.
Darling, I value your presence so much; you are so dear to my heart. I love you!
Your smile melts my heart; I will make sure you are always happy.
Darling, I cannot imagine if can survive in this world without your love and support. You are the pillar of my life. I love you.
You have made me know how it feels to love and find true love. Thank you for accepting to be part of my life. I love you!
Darling, I will love you until no breath is left in me. I love you so much.
Every moment with you is a treasure. I will never let you down. I love you dearly.
Sweetheart, I miss your smile, your sparkling eyes, and your gentle touch. I can’t wait to be with you.
No matter how far, I would walk a thousand miles, no matter how long the ocean is, I would swim across, no matter how high the mountain, I would climb, just to be with you.
With you in my life, my world is complete.
The best part of my day is when I see a smile on your face. I would do anything just to make sure you are happy. I love you!
I love the way our hands perfectly fit into each other. We were meant for each other.
